Unless otherwise noted, all files are released under the MIT
license, exceptions contain licensing information in them.

Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Bram Cohen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The Software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability,  fitness for a particular purpose and
noninfringement. In no event shall the  authors or copyright holders
be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an
action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in
connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the
Software.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Software Foundation License
Python 2.1.1 license
This is the official license for the Python 2.1.1 release:
A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting Mathematisch Centrum (CWI) in the Netherlands as a successor of a language called ABC. Guido is Python's principal author, although it includes many contributions from others. The last version released from CWI was Python 1.2. In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for National Research Initiatives (CNRI) in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the software. Python 1.6 was the last of the versions released by CNRI. In 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team. Python 2.0 was the first and only release from BeOpen.com.

Following the release of Python 1.6, and after Guido van Rossum left CNRI to work with commercial software developers, it became clear that the ability to use Python with software available under the GNU Public License (GPL) was very desirable. CNRI and the Free Software Foundation (FSF) interacted to develop enabling wording changes to the Python license. Python 1.6.1 is essentially the same as Python 1.6, with a few minor bug fixes, and with a different license that enables later versions to be GPL-compatible. Python 2.1 is a derivative work of Python 1.6.1, as well as of Python 2.0.

After Python 2.0 was released by BeOpen.com, Guido van Rossum and the other PythonLabs developers joined Digital Creations. All intellectual property added from this point on, starting with Python 2.1 and its alpha and beta releases, is owned by the Python Software Foundation (PSF), a non-profit modeled after the Apache Software Foundation. See http://www.python.org/psf/ for more information about the PSF.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's direction to make these releases possible.

B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PSF LICENSE AGREEMENT
---------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation ("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 2.1.1 software in source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 2.1.1 alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python 2.1.1 alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or incorporates Python 2.1.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the changes made to Python 2.1.1.

4. PSF is making Python 2.1.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 2.1.1 WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON 2.1.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 2.1.1, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python 2.1.1, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

BEOPEN.COM TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PYTHON 2.0
----------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using this software in source or binary form and its associated documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of law provisions. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between BeOpen and Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party. As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

CNRI OPEN SOURCE GPL-COMPATIBLE LICENSE AGREEMENT
-------------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive, Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c) 1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee. Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and conditions in CNRI's License Agreement. This Agreement together with Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013. This Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON 1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal intellectual property law of the United States, including without limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying, installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT

CWI PERMISSIONS STATEMENT AND DISCLAIMER
----------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam, The Netherlands. All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE




------------------- BitTorrent (for khashmir code) ---------------------------

BitTorrent Open Source License

Version 1.1

This BitTorrent Open Source License (the "License") applies to the 
BitTorrent client and related software products as well as any updates 
or maintenance releases of that software ("BitTorrent Products") that 
are distributed by BitTorrent, Inc. ("Licensor").  Any BitTorrent 
Product licensed pursuant to this License is a Licensed Product. 
Licensed Product, in its entirety, is protected by U.S. copyright law.  
This License identifies the terms under which you may use, copy, 
distribute or modify Licensed Product. 

Preamble

This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature and 
scope of this License.  However, this Preamble is not a part of this 
license.  The legal effect of this License is dependent only upon the 
terms of the License and not this Preamble.

This License complies with the Open Source Definition and is derived 
from the Jabber Open Source License 1.0 (the "JOSL"), which has been 
approved by Open Source Initiative. Sections 4(c) and 4(f)(iii) from 
the JOSL have been deleted.

This License provides that:

1. You may use or give away the Licensed Product, alone or as a 
component of an aggregate software distribution containing programs 
from several different sources.  No royalty or other fee is required.

2. Both Source Code and executable versions of the Licensed Product, 
including Modifications made by previous Contributors, are available 
for your use.  (The terms "Licensed Product," "Modifications," 
"Contributors" and "Source Code" are defined in the License.)

3. You are allowed to make Modifications to the Licensed Product, and 
you can create Derivative Works from it. (The term "Derivative Works" 
is defined in the License.)

4.  By accepting the Licensed Product under the provisions of this 
License, you agree that any Modifications you make to the Licensed 
Product and then distribute are governed by the provisions of this 
License.  In particular, you must make the Source Code of your 
Modifications available to others free of charge and without a royalty.

5.  You may sell, accept donations or otherwise receive compensation 
for executable versions of a Licensed Product, without paying a royalty 
or other fee to the Licensor or any Contributor, provided that such 
executable versions contain your or another Contributor?s material 
Modifications. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent your 
executable version of a Licensed Product does not contain your or 
another Contributor?s material Modifications, you may not sell, accept 
donations or otherwise receive compensation for such executable.

You may use the Licensed Product for any purpose, but the Licensor is 
not providing you any warranty whatsoever, nor is the Licensor 
accepting any liability in the event that the Licensed Product doesn't 
work properly or causes you any injury or damages.

6.      If you sublicense the Licensed Product or Derivative Works, you 
may charge fees for warranty or support, or for accepting indemnity or 
liability obligations to your customers.  You cannot charge for, sell, 
accept donations or otherwise receive compensation for the Source Code.

7.      If you assert any patent claims against the Licensor relating 
to the Licensed Product, or if you breach any terms of the License, 
your rights to the Licensed Product under this License automatically 
terminate.

You may use this License to distribute your own Derivative Works, in 
which case the provisions of this License will apply to your Derivative 
Works just as they do to the original Licensed Product.

Alternatively, you may distribute your Derivative Works under any other 
OSI-approved Open Source license, or under a proprietary license of 
your choice.  If you use any license other than this License, however, 
you must continue to fulfill the requirements of this License 
(including the provisions relating to publishing the Source Code) for 
those portions of your Derivative Works that consist of the Licensed 
Product, including the files containing Modifications.

New versions of this License may be published from time to time in 
connection with new versions of a Licensed Product or otherwise.  You 
may choose to continue to use the license terms in this version of the 
License for the Licensed Product that was originally licensed 
hereunder, however, the new versions of this License will at all times 
apply to new versions of the Licensed Product released by Licensor 
after the release of the new version of this License.  Only the 
Licensor has the right to change the License terms as they apply to the 
Licensed Product. 

This License relies on precise definitions for certain terms.  Those 
terms are defined when they are first used, and the definitions are 
repeated for your convenience in a Glossary at the end of the License.

License Terms

1.      Grant of License From Licensor.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants you a world-wide, 
royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party 
intellectual property claims, to do the following:

a.       Use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and 
distribute any Modifications created by a Contributor or portions 
thereof, in both Source Code or as an executable program, either on an 
unmodified basis or as part of Derivative Works.

b.       Under claims of patents now or hereafter owned or controlled 
by Contributor, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or 
otherwise dispose of Modifications or portions thereof, but solely to 
the extent that any such claim is necessary to enable you to make, use, 
sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of 
Modifications or portions thereof or Derivative Works thereof.

2. Grant of License to Modifications From Contributor. "Modifications" 
means any additions to or deletions from the substance or structure of 
(i) a file containing a Licensed Product, or (ii) any new file that 
contains any part of a Licensed Product. Hereinafter in this License, 
the term "Licensed Product" shall include all previous Modifications 
that you receive from any Contributor.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this License, By application of the provisions in Section 
4(a) below, each person or entity who created or contributed to the 
creation of, and distributed, a Modification (a "Contributor") hereby 
grants you a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject 
to third party intellectual property claims, to do the following:

a. Use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute 
any Modifications created by such Contributor or portions thereof, in 
both Source Code or as an executable program, either on an unmodified 
basis or as part of Derivative Works.

b. Under claims of patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by 
Contributor, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or 
otherwise dispose of Modifications or portions thereof, but solely to 
the extent that any such claim is necessary to enable you to make, use, 
sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of 
Modifications or portions thereof or Derivative Works thereof. 

3.      Exclusions From License Grant.  Nothing in this License shall 
be deemed to grant any rights to trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade 
secrets or any other intellectual property of Licensor or any 
Contributor except as expressly stated herein. No patent license is 
granted separate from the Licensed Product, for code that you delete 
from the Licensed Product, or for combinations of the Licensed Product 
with other software or hardware.  No right is granted to the trademarks 
of Licensor or any Contributor even if such marks are included in the 
Licensed Product. Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to 
prohibit Licensor from licensing under different terms from this 
License any code that Licensor otherwise would have a right to license. 
 As an express condition for your use of the Licensed Product, you 
hereby agree that you will not, without the prior written consent of 
Licensor, use any trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any 
other intellectual property of Licensor or any Contributor except as 
expressly stated herein.  For the avoidance of doubt and without 
limiting the foregoing, you hereby agree that you will not use or 
display any trademark of Licensor or any Contributor in any domain 
name, directory filepath, advertisement, link or other reference to you 
in any manner or in any media.

4.      Your Obligations Regarding Distribution. 

a.       Application of This License to Your Modifications.  As an 
express condition for your use of the Licensed Product, you hereby 
agree that any Modifications that you create or to which you 
contribute, and which you distribute, are governed by the terms of this 
License including, without limitation, Section 2.  Any Modifications 
that you create or to which you contribute may be distributed only 
under the terms of this License or a future version of this License 
released under Section 7.  You must include a copy of this License with 
every copy of the Modifications you distribute.  You agree not to offer 
or impose any terms on any Source Code or executable version of the 
Licensed Product or Modifications that alter or restrict the applicable 
version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, 
you may include an additional document offering the additional rights 
described in Section 4(d).

b.       Availability of Source Code.  You must make available, without 
charge, under the terms of this License, the Source Code of the 
Licensed Product and any Modifications that you distribute, either on 
the same media as you distribute any executable or other form of the 
Licensed Product, or via a mechanism generally accepted in the software 
development community for the electronic transfer of data (an 
"Electronic Distribution Mechanism").  The Source Code for any version 
of Licensed Product or Modifications that you distribute must remain 
available for as long as any executable or other form of the Licensed 
Product is distributed by you.  You are responsible for ensuring that 
the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic 
Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.

c.       Intellectual Property Matters.  

                                i.            Third Party Claims.  If 
you have knowledge that a license to a third party's intellectual 
property right is required to exercise the rights granted by this 
License, you must include a text file with the Source Code distribution 
titled "LEGAL" that describes the claim and the party making the claim 
in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact.  If 
you obtain such knowledge after you make any Modifications available as 
described in Section 4(b), you shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in 
all copies you make available thereafter and shall take other steps 
(such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably 
calculated to inform those who received the Licensed Product from you 
that new knowledge has been obtained.

                               ii.            Contributor APIs.  If 
your Modifications include an application programming interface ("API") 
and you have knowledge of patent licenses that are reasonably necessary 
to implement that API, you must also include this information in the 
LEGAL file.

                              iii.            Representations.  You 
represent that, except as disclosed pursuant to 4(c)(i) above, you 
believe that any Modifications you distribute are your original 
creations and that you have sufficient rights to grant the rights 
conveyed by this License.

d.       Required Notices.  You must duplicate this License in any 
documentation you provide along with the Source Code of any 
Modifications you create or to which you contribute, and which you 
distribute, wherever you describe recipients' rights relating to 
Licensed Product.  You must duplicate the notice contained in Exhibit A 
(the "Notice") in each file of the Source Code of any copy you 
distribute of the Licensed Product. If you created a Modification, you 
may add your name as a Contributor to the Notice.  If it is not 
possible to put the Notice in a particular Source Code file due to its 
structure, then you must include such Notice in a location (such as a 
relevant directory file) where a user would be likely to look for such 
a notice.  You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, warranty, 
support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients 
of Licensed Product. However, you may do so only on your own behalf, 
and not on behalf of the Licensor or any Contributor.  You must make it 
clear that any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability 
obligation is offered by you alone, and you hereby agree to indemnify 
the Licensor and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the 
Licensor or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, 
indemnity or liability terms you offer.

e.        Distribution of Executable Versions.  You may distribute 
Licensed Product as an executable program under a license of your 
choice that may contain terms different from this License provided (i) 
you have satisfied the requirements of Sections 4(a) through 4(d) for 
that distribution, (ii) you include a conspicuous notice in the 
executable version, related documentation and collateral materials 
stating that the Source Code version of the
Licensed Product is available under the terms of this License, 
including a description of how and where you have fulfilled the 
obligations of Section 4(b), and (iii) you make it clear that any terms 
that differ from this License are offered by you alone, not by Licensor 
or any Contributor.  You hereby agree to indemnify the Licensor and 
every Contributor for any liability incurred by Licensor or such 
Contributor as a result of any terms you offer. 

f.       Distribution of Derivative Works.  You may create Derivative 
Works (e.g., combinations of some or all of the Licensed Product with 
other code) and distribute the Derivative Works as products under any 
other license you select, with the proviso that the requirements of 
this License are fulfilled for those portions of the Derivative Works 
that consist of the Licensed Product or any Modifications thereto.

g.	Compensation for Distribution of Executable Versions of 
Licensed Products, Modifications or Derivative Works.  Notwithstanding 
any provision of this License to the contrary, by distributing, 
selling, licensing, sublicensing or otherwise making available any 
Licensed Product, or Modification or Derivative Work thereof, you and 
Licensor hereby acknowledge and agree that you may sell, license or 
sublicense for a fee, accept donations or otherwise receive 
compensation for executable versions of a Licensed Product, without 
paying a royalty or other fee to the Licensor or any other Contributor, 
provided that such executable versions (i) contain your or another 
Contributor?s material Modifications, or (ii) are otherwise material 
Derivative Works.  For purposes of this License, an executable version 
of the Licensed Product will be deemed to contain a material 
Modification, or will otherwise be deemed a material Derivative Work, 
if (a) the Licensed Product is modified with your own or a third 
party?s software programs or other code, and/or the Licensed Product is 
combined with a number of your own or a third party?s software programs 
or code, respectively, and (b) such software programs or code add or 
contribute material value, functionality or features to the License 
Product.  For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent your executable 
version of a Licensed Product does not contain your or another 
Contributor?s material Modifications or is otherwise not a material 
Derivative Work, in each case as contemplated herein, you may not sell, 
license or sublicense for a fee, accept donations or otherwise receive 
compensation for such executable.  Additionally, without limitation of 
the foregoing and notwithstanding any provision of this License to the 
contrary, you cannot charge for, sell, license or sublicense for a fee, 
accept donations or otherwise receive compensation for the Source Code. 

5.      Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.  If it is 
impossible for you to comply with any of the terms of this License with 
respect to some or all of the Licensed Product due to statute, judicial 
order, or regulation, then you must (i) comply with the terms of this 
License to the maximum extent possible, (ii) cite the statute or 
regulation that prohibits you from adhering to the License, and (iii) 
describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description 
must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 4(d), and must 
be included with all distributions of the Source Code.  Except to the 
extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be 
sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill at computer 
programming to be able to understand it. 

6.      Application of This License.  This License applies to code to 
which Licensor or Contributor has attached the Notice in Exhibit A, 
which is incorporated herein by this reference.

7.      Versions of This License.

a.       New Versions.  Licensor may publish from time to time revised 
and/or new versions of the License. 

b.       Effect of New Versions.  Once Licensed Product has been 
published under a particular version of the License, you may always 
continue to use it under the terms of that version, provided that any 
such license be in full force and effect at the time, and has not been 
revoked or otherwise terminated.  You may also choose to use such 
Licensed Product under the terms of any subsequent version (but not any 
prior version) of the License published by Licensor.  No one other than 
Licensor has the right to modify the terms applicable to Licensed 
Product created under this License.

c.       Derivative Works of this License.  If you create or use a 
modified version of this License, which you may do only in order to 
apply it to software that is not already a Licensed Product under this 
License, you must rename your license so that it is not confusingly 
similar to this License, and must make it clear that your license 
contains terms that differ from this License.  In so naming your 
license, you may not use any trademark of Licensor or any Contributor.

8.      Disclaimer of Warranty.  LICENSED PRODUCT IS PROVIDED UNDER 
THIS LICENSE ON AN AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE 
LICENSED PRODUCT IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND 
PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED PRODUCT IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD LICENSED 
PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (AND NOT THE LICENSOR OR 
ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, 
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  THIS
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. 
NO USE OF LICENSED PRODUCT IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS 
DISCLAIMER.

9.      Termination. 

a.       Automatic Termination Upon Breach.  This license and the 
rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if you fail to 
comply with the terms herein and fail to cure such breach within ten 
(10) days of being notified of the breach by the Licensor.  For 
purposes of this provision, proof of delivery via email to the address 
listed in the ?WHOIS? database of the registrar for any website through 
which you distribute or market any Licensed Product, or to any 
alternate email address which you designate in writing to the Licensor, 
shall constitute sufficient notification. All sublicenses to the 
Licensed Product that are properly granted shall survive any 
termination of this license so long as they continue to complye with 
the terms of this License.  Provisions that, by their nature, must 
remain in effect beyond the termination of this License, shall survive.

b.       Termination Upon Assertion of Patent Infringement.  If you 
initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement claim (excluding 
declaratory judgment actions) against Licensor or a Contributor 
(Licensor or Contributor against whom you file such an action is 
referred to herein as Respondent) alleging that Licensed Product 
directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any and all rights 
granted by such Respondent to you under Sections 1 or 2 of this License 
shall terminate prospectively upon sixty (60) days notice from 
Respondent (the "Notice Period") unless within that Notice Period you 
either agree in writing (i) to pay Respondent a mutually agreeable 
reasonably royalty for your past or future use of Licensed Product made 
by such Respondent, or (ii) withdraw your litigation claim with respect 
to Licensed Product against such Respondent.  If within said Notice 
Period a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not mutually 
agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim is not 
withdrawn, the rights granted by Licensor to you under Sections 1 and 2 
automatically terminate at the expiration of said Notice Period.

c.       Reasonable Value of This License.  If you assert a patent 
infringement claim against Respondent alleging that Licensed Product 
directly or indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is 
resolved (such as by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of 
patent infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the 
licenses granted by said Respondent under Sections 1 and 2 shall be 
taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or 
license.

d.       No Retroactive Effect of Termination.  In the event of 
termination under Sections 9(a) or 9(b) above, all end user license 
agreements (excluding licenses to distributors and resellers) that have 
been validly granted by you or any distributor hereunder prior to 
termination shall survive termination.

10.  Limitation of Liability.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO 
LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR 
OTHERWISE, SHALL THE LICENSOR, ANY CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF 
LICENSED PRODUCT, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO 
ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR 
ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY 
SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  THIS 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR 
PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTYS NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT 
APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT 
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

11.  Responsibility for Claims.  As between Licensor and Contributors, 
each party is responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or 
indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License.  You 
agree to work with Licensor and Contributors to distribute such 
responsibility on an equitable basis.  Nothing herein is intended or 
shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.

12.  U.S. Government End Users.  The Licensed Product is a commercial 
item, as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), 
consisting of commercial computer software and commercial computer 
software documentation, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 
(Sept. 1995).  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End 
Users acquire Licensed Product with only those rights set forth herein.

13.  Miscellaneous.  This License represents the complete agreement 
concerning the subject matter hereof.  If any provision of this License 
is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to 
the extent necessary to make it enforceable.  This License shall be 
governed by California law provisions (except to the extent applicable 
law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law 
provisions.  You expressly agree that in any litigation relating to 
this license the losing party shall be responsible for costs including, 
without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and 
expenses.  The application of the United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.  
Any law or regulation that provides that the language of a contract 
shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.

14.  Definition of You in This License. You throughout this License, 
whether in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity 
exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this 
License or a future version of this License issued under Section 7.  
For legal entities, you includes any entity that controls, is 
controlled by, is under common control with, or affiliated with, you.  
For purposes of this definition, control means (i) the power, direct or 
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether 
by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or 
more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such 
entity.  You are responsible for advising any affiliated entity of the 
terms of this License, and that any rights or privileges derived from 
or obtained by way of this License are subject to the restrictions 
outlined herein.

15.  Glossary.  All defined terms in this License that are used in more 
than one Section of this License are repeated here, in alphabetical 
order, for the convenience of the reader.  The Section of this License 
in which each defined term is first used is shown in parentheses. 

Contributor:  Each person or entity who created or contributed to the 
creation of, and distributed, a Modification. (See Section 2)

Derivative Works: That term as used in this License is defined under 
U.S. copyright law.  (See Section 1(b))

License:  This BitTorrent Open Source License.  (See first paragraph of 
License)

Licensed Product:  Any BitTorrent Product licensed pursuant to this 
License.  The term "Licensed Product" includes all previous 
Modifications from any Contributor that you receive.  (See first 
paragraph of License and Section 2)

Licensor:  BitTorrent, Inc.  (See first paragraph of License)

Modifications:  Any additions to or deletions from the substance or 
structure of (i) a file containing Licensed Product, or (ii) any new 
file that contains any part of Licensed Product.  (See Section 2)

Notice:  The notice contained in Exhibit A.  (See Section 4(e))

Source Code: The preferred form for making modifications to the 
Licensed Product, including all modules contained therein, plus any 
associated interface definition files, scripts used to control 
compilation and installation of an executable program, or a list of 
differential comparisons against the Source Code of the Licensed 
Product.  (See Section 1(a))

You:  This term is defined in Section 14 of this License.


EXHIBIT A

The Notice below must appear in each file of the Source Code of any 
copy you distribute of the Licensed Product or any hereto.  
Contributors to any Modifications may add their own copyright notices 
to identify their own contributions.

License:

The contents of this file are subject to the BitTorrent Open Source 
License Version 1.0 (the License).  You may not copy or use this file, 
in either source code or executable form, except in compliance with the 
License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.bittorrent.com/license/.

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an AS IS 
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See 
the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations 
under the License.




------------------------------Tribler------------------------------------------


All code written by Jie Yang, Pawel Garbacki, Jun Wang, Arno Bakker,
Jan David Mol, Qin Chen, Yuan Yuan, Jelle Roozenburg, Freek Zindel,
Fabian van der Werf, Lucian Musat has the following license:

    TRIBLER file-sharing library.

    Copyright (c) 2005-2007, Delft University of Technology and Vrije 
    Universiteit Amsterdam; All rights reserved.

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

    Delft University of Technology
    Postbus 5
    2600 AA Delft
    The Netherlands
    
    Vrije Universiteit
    De Boelelaan 1105
    1081 HV Amsterdam
    The Netherlands
 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU Lesser General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/LGPL'.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PRIVACY WARNING: This software will by default exchange your download
history with others. This feature can be disabled by disabling the
recommender in the Preference menu. See also the disclaimer on 
http://www.tribler.org/
